Number6In this question, you will listen to a short lecture. You will then be asked to summarize important information from the lecture. After you hear the question, you will have 20 seconds to prepare your response and 60 seconds to speak. Listen to part of a talk in a biology class. Today, I'd like to talk about two of the various theories that scientists have advanced to explain the extinction of dinosaurs. In the first theory, the extinction is associated with a lack of food In the second theory, it's an increase in the earth's temperature that is considered the reason why dinosaurs died out. the lack of food theory goes like this. and asteroid, a giant space rock crashed into the earth throwing a huge amount of dust into the atmosphere. This dust cloud blocked the sun's ray. Now, the lack of sunlight was a big problem because as you know, plants need sunlight to make their food. but after the asteroids impact, no sunlight could reach plants. So many of them died. and this caused animals that ate plants to die. and animals that ate the animals that ate plants. you're with me they all died off. So our dinosaurs, whether they ate plants or meat became extinct. Now, As for the other theory, Call it a global warming theory. Well, some scientists believed that a series of large volcanic eruptions filled the air with carbon monoxide. While the carbon monoxide let the sun's radiation enter the atmosphere. it did not let it out which meant that heat was trapped. This caused a significant rise in the earth's temperature. Now, it so happens that among reptiles like our dinosaurs, the gender of the young depends upon the temperature of the eggs. Warer temperatures make for warmer eggs and warmer eggs result in more males than females being born. supposedly, this is what happened to the dinosaurs. because of the warm temperatures. fewer females were born. which meant that fewer eggs were being produced, and eventually this led to the dinosaurs extinction. usinging the points from the talk, De the two theories that explain the extinction of the dinosaur.
