Number6In this question, you will listen to a short lecture. you will then be asked to summarize important information from the lecture. After you hear the question, you will have 20 seconds to prepare your response and 60 seconds to speak. Listen to part of a talk in a biology class., so on the topic of animal survival strategies, one type of strategy that's fascinated people for centuries is protective resemblance. That's when animals resemble their environment in some way or another by taking on the color or shape or both of the physical objects that are behind or beneath them. Today will talk about two kinds. which kind of protective resemblance in animal has. Well, it depends on whether the animal moves through different environments in the course of its life or whether its environment is more or less permanent. For example, animals like the horned frog, Well, they've got the permanent kind of protective resemblance, which is fine, because Well, during the course of their lives, they don't visit other places. So the horned frog is brown, just like the dead leaves on the forest floor where it lives. and it's got brown lines running down its body just like the veins of the leaves. the color and shape of its protective resemblance is fixed like its environment. So in the horned frog is on the forest floor, it's almost impossible for predators to see it. Now, other animals like like the annooli lizard display a different sort of protective resemblance. they actually change color, which is important for them because they travel through different environments as they live and grow. So the protective resemblance they exhibit is adaptive. depending on the environment there'rein. The anoli lizard has special moving pigments in its cells, which change to match the color of whatever environment its currently occupying. If the anoli lizard is walking among the dead leaves of the forest floor, it'll turn the same brown color as the leaves, but if the anoli lizard runs into some green shrubs, it'll turn green.Using the examples of the horned frog and the annooli lizard, Ex the differences between the two types of protective resemblance discussed by the professor.😊
