Number6In this question, you will listen to a short lecture. you will then be asked to summarize important information from the lecture. After you hear the question you will have 20 seconds to prepare your response and 60 seconds to speak. Listen to part of a lecture about a marketing strategy in a business class. So we've been talking about strategy stores use to increase sales of their merchandise to sell more of their items. What I want to talk about now is one particular strategy which is using what's called a second interest. a business wants to sell one product so they offer a second product or service the second interest for free if you buy the first one. Basically, the store gets customers to buy stuff by offering them something else that interests them as a bonus. so a second interest can lead to immediate sales of the first product. or it can be used to help retain customers to keep them coming back to the store to buy additional merchandise. So let's see how a second interest helps immediate sales. offering a free bonus helps convince people who may be undecided about whether they want to purchase an item. So for instance, a store that sells computers may use the strategy by offering a deal. if you buy their newest model of computer you get a free video game you can play on the computer. The customer who isn't quite sure whether they want to buy the computer will be more likely to buy it because the free video game also interests them. Now, a second interest can also be used to increase sales by helping a business retain customers, keep them coming back so they'll continue to buy merchandise from you in the future. For instance, a computer store could offer free computer lessons to its customers on a regular basis. maybe once a month, customers can come into the store for a lesson. free lessons, keep customers coming back in. so the store maintains contact with its customers. As a result, since they're in the store often anyway, whenever they need something computer related like a printer or in cartridge, they're more likely to buy it from that store. U the two examples from the talk. explain how a business can increase sales by creating a second interest.
